hey you guys let's meet Janna I'm coming
at you today and I am coming at you and
letting you guys know how I am doing
around my weight loss that's far i am
super excited I'm still doing great you
guys I am still doing as my doctor
advises which is high protein low carb
low fat all of that nothing new to you
guys that are also out of weight loss
surgery but yeah that's what i am doing
that far and i'm going great at it so i
just wanted to give you guys a quick
update to let you know i am doing great
and I'm yeah so I'm going great you guys
I feel great and yeah that's about it so
I hope that you guys if you are also on
your weight loss journey I wish you much
success and yeah that is all I'm if
you're wondering about my hair I
actually braided my hair four days ago
you guys know I am natural I've been
natural for
nine have my glad ed because I didn't
remember but yeah I used a given you to
tackle hair two and a half past because
I made pretty pretty big you know I'm
sextons or whatever and the hair that i
use is called cuban twist so yeah but
this is how it looks so hi you guys I
didn't know come on with any you know
cute makeup when I just put my eyebrow
my little pencil red pencil and I put my
extra long eyelashes on because I did
not have any other makeup on and I did
my brows but I don't have any makeup and
one of nothing like that so I just want
to come to you guys and let you guys
know that i am doing don't mind good and
yeah hi you guys so i will see you guys
later and talk to you then he bless you
guys